upgrade_notes: use libssl3 for Debian/Bullseye (12) packages (#1567)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: installation/upgrade-notes.md

the new release binary to appear and allow/deny/update it as appropriate in their
infrastructure.

## Fluent Bit v4.0.0

> The Debian 12 package has been updated to use OpenSSL 3 rather than OpenSSL 1.1.
> This will show up as different required dependencies for that target at installation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Debian 12 package has been updated to use OpenSSL 3.0.0 rather than OpenSSL 1.1.0.
This package displays as different required dependencies for that target at
installation time.
```
